Fix typos and improve some sentences in README (#559)
xZetsubou/hass-localtuya: README.md

<details><summary> 𝐂𝐫𝐞𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐬 </summary>
<p>
    

> [Rospogrigio](https://github.com/rospogrigio/localtuya), original maintainer of LocalTuya. This fork was created when the upstream version was at `v5.2.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Rospogrigio](https://github.com/rospogrigio), The original maintainer of LocalTuya. This fork was created when the [upstream](https://github.com/rospogrigio/localtuya) version was at `v5.2.1`.
```

> [Rospogrigio](https://github.com/rospogrigio), The original maintainer of LocalTuya. This fork was created when the [upstream](https://github.com/rospogrigio/localtuya) version was at `v5.2.1`.

Author: ```suggestion
[rospogrigio](https://github.com/rospogrigio), the original maintainer of LocalTuya. This fork was created when the [upstream](https://github.com/rospogrigio/localtuya) version was at `v5.2.1`.
```

[NameLessJedi](https://github.com/NameLessJedi/localtuya-homeassistant) and [mileperhour](https://github.com/mileperhour/localtuya-homeassistant) being the major sources of inspiration, and whose code for switches is substantially unchanged.

[TradeFace](https://github.com/TradeFace), for being the only one to provide the correct code for communication with the cover (in particular, the 0x0d command for the status instead of the 0x0a, and related needs such as double reply to be received): 

sean6541, for the working (standard) Python Handler for Tuya devices.

> [jasonacox](https://github.com/jasonacox/tinytuya), for the TinyTuya project from where I got big help and references to upgrade integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[jasonacox](https://github.com/jasonacox), for the [TinyTuya](https://github.com/jasonacox/tinytuya) project from where I got big help and references to upgrade integration.
```

[uzlonewolf](https://github.com/uzlonewolf), for maintaining TinyTuya who improved the tool so much and introduced new features like new protocols, etc.

> [postlund](https://github.com/postlund), for the ideas, for coding 95% of the refactoring and boosting the quality of this repo to levels hard to imagine (by me, at least) and teaching me A LOT of how things work in Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[postlund](https://github.com/postlund), for the ideas, for coding 95% of the refactoring and boosting the quality of the upstream repository.
```
